InjectionResult.error is not supported by Chrome (#25624)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/executescript/index.md

- `error` {{optional_inline}}
  - : `any`. If an error occurs, contains the value the script threw or rejected with. Typically this is an error object with a message property but it could be any value (including primitives and undefined).

>     Unsupported by Chrome, it just sets `result` to `null` hiding any details of an exception thrown by a function or a script file. Alternatevely exception is thrown or `runtime.lastError` is passed to the callback when a script file is not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Unsupported by Chrome. If an error occurs, Chrome returns`InjectionResult` set to `null`. hiding any details of any exception thrown by a function or script file. However, an exception is thrown or `runtime.lastError` is passed to the callback when a script file is not found.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Chrome does not support the `error` property yet (see [Issue 1271527: Propagate errors from scripting.executeScript to InjectionResult](https://crbug.com/1271527)). As an alternative, runtime errors can be caught by wrapping the code to execute in a try-catch statement. Uncaught errors are also reported to the console of the target tab.
```

Here is a suggested text, with a reference tot the crbug where the feature is tracked.

Richard, would you mind submitting a BCD entry about the error key? Clearly there is a different level of support, which should be noted in the documentation.

Author: > With the promise-based API, both browsers will reject the API call and pass the error to the rejected promise.

[Bug 1824901: WebExtensions `scripting.executeScript()` returns `[undefined]` array for `about:debugging` page](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/1824901)

> > Firefox may set `InjectionResult.error` to "Unable to load script: moz-extension://…/not-found.js" **string**, not an `Error` object with such message
> 
> Would you mind filing a bug report at https://bugzilla.mozilla.org (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=WebExtensions&component=General) with a test case?

[Bug 1824896: WebExtensions `scripting.executeScript()`: `typeof InjectionResult.error === "string"` when `InjectionTarget.files` not found](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/1824896)

Author: > Here is a suggested text, with a reference tot the crbug where the feature is tracked.

Thank you, Rob, for the link to the Chromium bug. I agree with your variant (that limits my contribution to just the empty line after the paragraph).

Do you think that it does not necessary to mention that Chrome adds `result: null` field in the case of script error? Firefox sets `error` but not `result` in such case. Should it be added to the description of `result`? Suggestion to wrap whole script into try-catch is helpful, but it does not cover a corner case with a `SyntaxError` in the script.

Should the error field be marked as `{{non-standard_inline}}` because it is not supported by Chrome?

Reviewer 2: > Do you think that it does not necessary to mention that Chrome adds `result: null` field in the case of script error? Firefox sets `error` but not `result` in such case. Should it be added to the description of `result`?

Whether `null` or `undefined` is implementation detail. I would wait until Chrome completes their implementation before deciding on what we should document.

> Suggestion to wrap whole script into try-catch is helpful, but it does not cover a corner case with a `SyntaxError` in the script.

I'm aware. That's why I mentioned the console as another alternative. Realistically, there should not be missing files or syntax errors in published extensions. It does not really make sense to intentionally trigger the such obvious errors, but runtime errors are likely.

> Should the error field be marked as `{{non-standard_inline}}` because it is not supported by Chrome?

No. There is no standard that specifies whether it is a standard or not. And in this case, there is a clear API gap with a proposed fix that the Chromium team approves of. The level of support should be reflected in the BCD (mdn/browser-compat-data repo).
